Dana: Jill, are you here yet? The bar opens in a few minutes.
Jill: Huh, what?
Dana: Gil already cleaned the glasses, we're just waiting on you.
Jill: I- I'm here.
Dana: There you are. And right on time.
Jill: G'eveni-... What?
Dana: Something wrong?
Jill: Ignoring the fact that I don't have any recollection of how I even got here...
Jill: Why do you have cat ears, Boss?
Dana: Because they are cute and cool.
Jill: No, I meant: Why do YOU have cat ears?
Dana: Because of the milk.
Jill: What are you-
Jill: ...
Jill: Why is there milk in the bar dispenser?
Jill: Wait, is that real milk? Where did you even get that?
Dana: It was a gift from Iris. 'Everyone that drinks this milk gets at least three times cuter' she said.
Dana: Can't argue with results.
Jill: (...Can't argue, indeed.)
Dana: Hey, no staring unless you give me something to stare at too.
Dana: Here, drink up. It's on the house.
Jill: You expect me to just drink something that might make me grow cat ears for no reason? Are you sure it's safe?
Dana: Hey, be happy I told you what it does before you drank it. And don't worry, it's been thoroughly tested.
Jill: Wait, what does that mean? Did you-
Dana: Anyway, leave it out. That way customers can see it. But don't feel shy about drinking it yourself. I'll be in my office.
Jill: Yeah, yeah...
Jill: (I've had many strange days lately, but today feels different.)
Jill: Time to mix drinks and change lives.
Jill: (Huh, strange. I don't see Gil anywhere. Getting supplies maybe?)
Sei: Ah, haa...haa. So I was faster after all.
Jill: ...Welcome to Valhalla, Sei. You sound like you ran a marathon.
Sei: I- haa... I did. Stella challenged me who'd be here faster- haa... me, running or her, driving.
Jill: And you WON? In your condition? Wow...
Sei: Eh, I think you have it wrong. Haa- Stella lives uptown, remember? And then there's also the- haa... the traffic around this time.
Jill: Still, that's impressive... scary, almost.
Jill: Wait, does that mean you ran a whole district here?
Sei: Something- haa... like that. Nothing I wouldn't be able to- haa... run were I not so out of shape.
Jill: You? Out of shape? What do you call ME then?
Sei: Jill, probably. Haa... But please don't make such a big- haa... deal out of it. This would've only been the warm-up back in the boot camps.
Jill: (And I maintain: Impressive and scary.)
Jill: ...Ok then, care for a celebratory drink?
Sei: Sounds great, but just water for n- ...Is that milk?
Jill: (Oh no.)
Jill: Yes... it's milk. Real one at that. But it seems to have some... side-effects.
Sei: Side-effects? Like causing flank pain? I don't think you have to worry, my torso's pretty tough. My instructor always told me-
Jill: Not that kind of- No, it seems to make you grow cat ears.
Sei: Cat ears? Like Stella?
Jill: Pretty much. I don't know the details, but I saw Boss with cat ears today. And they seemed too real to be a prank. But...
Sei: What? That sounds so cute. I wish I could've seen her.
Sei: You know, I always wondered what it's like to have cat ears. They look so soft.
Sei: I'll take one milk, please.
Jill: ...Coming right up.


*SeiCat1*
Jill: One glass of milk.
Sei: Thank you.
Jill: So? How is it?
Sei: ...
Jill: ...
Jill: Hello, Earth to Sei? Sei something, say.
Sei: Wh- what? Oh, sorry. This milk made some memories flood back in.
Jill: Judging from your expression, I'm guessing it wasn't the happy kind?
Sei: Yes and no. Some were happy, some were not. But all memories are welcome.
Sei: Mostly just stuff from when Stella and I were kids. The usual adventures and fights.
Sei: But also some ...darker moments.
Jill: ...
Sei: But it's those memories that make us who we are today. And thanks to this milk, I was able to relive those memories.
Sei: This is my first glass in quite a while. Back then, we drank a lot of milk. Stella's parents made sure of that. I almost feel like-
Jill: ...huh?
Sei: Ahaha-..... Oww... haha...ow
Jill: Hey, what's going on? ...BOSS, SEI'S IN TROUBLE!
Dana: DID SHE DRINK THE MILK?
Jill: YES, WHAT ARE YOU-
Sei: Hwah? What's going on? ...Why do you look so surprised?
Jill: (This can't be. The milk...)
Sei: ...
Sei: I have cat ears! Jill, can you see them?
Jill: I... yes...
Sei: Do they look as fluffy as they feel like?
Jill: They do look fluffy. Similar to Fore's.
Sei: I can't wait to see Stella's reaction.


*SeiNoCat1*
Jill: Here you go.
Sei: This isn't milk...
Jill: I just don't know the possible health-risks yet... sorry.
Sei: I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked so selfishly for something that may be dangerous.
Jill: Don't worry about it. I'll ask Boss about it later.
Sei: About Stella...


*Main1*
Sei: ...
Sei: She was always embarrassed about them, you know?
Jill: Really? It feels more like her whole appearance is based on proudly presenting then.
Sei: Actually, it's the opposite. She's presenting them to distract from them. Make them seem like the most normal thing in the world.
Sei: She hates to be seen as different from the others.
Sei: And if everybody acknowledges them from the first moment, she's just a girl.
Jill: I didn't think there were still people that discriminate against Cat Boomers in Glitch City...
Sei: There are a few, but it's not her appearance towards others she's afraid of.
Sei: I guess you could say it's also her parents' fault in a way. She told me that she was always presented as their 'cat boomer daughter'...
Sei: She must've felt like it was her whole identity.
Jill: And that's why she started dressing so flashy?
Sei: Yeah, it was a few years ago, but-
Stella: Of course someone had to be in an accident while I was in a hurry!
Sei: Ah, there you are.
Jill: Welcome to Valhalla, Stella.


*SeiCat2*
Stella: What? How? Why? Who? ...Huh?!
Sei: Glad to see you finally made it.
Stella: You. Cat ears. Why?
Sei: Oh right, these? They are because of the milk. Wanna feel how soft they are? But be careful, they're still sensitive.
Stella: Jill. Help.
Jill: Well, I can't tell you what I don't know, but Boss got some milk from a friend and it seems to make people grow cat ears when they drink it.
Stella: And Sei just drank it? You idiot. Who knows what could've happened?
Sei: I was wondering the same, so I decided to test it. Mystery solved!
Jill: And besides, Boss drank it too, so we knew it wouldn't kill or harm her at least.
Stella: With how tough your boss is, I'd imagine she could drink poison and be fine.
Jill: ...Touché.
Stella: Why would you do that? Grow a pair of cat ears?
Sei: Because yours seem like fun. And to cheer you up.
Stella: ...Cheer me up?
Sei: You always seemed so unhappy about them.
Sei: So I thought, if I got a pair too...
Sei: ...you wouldn't feel so alone anymore...
Sei: Sorry, I shouldn't have assumed-
Stella: ...diot.
Sei: What was that?
Stella: You IDIOT! You...you cat-eared dummy!
Sei: Eh?
Stella: You would risk your well-being just to make me feel better about myself?
Sei: Is that so strange?
Stella: There are less dangerous ways to go about it, at least!
Sei: But that's what best friends are for, right?
Stella: ......
Stella: You...
Stella: How could I ever feel alone with you around?
Jill: (It never gets boring with those two.)
Jill: Would you like to drink something, Stella?
Stella: Yeah... I think I'll have-
Sei: Hey Jill, what would happen if Stella drank the milk?
Jill: I... actually have no idea. And I don't know if we should test it.
Sei: What's the worst that could happen? Stella already has cat ears. And the milk is really tasty.
Jill: (Can't say I'm not interested to see what would happen.)
Stella: Well, you did win the race, so I do owe you a prize...
Stella: Jill, you decide.
Jill: Huh?
Stella: Get me either a Fringe Weaver or the milk.
Jill: ...No problem.


*SeiNoCat2*
Stella: So you got here before me, huh?
Sei: Yes, I've been here a little while already.
Stella: Not surprising, considering what happened on the way here.
Jill: You mentioned an accident?
Stella: Yes. On the ride here the cab in front of us seemed to have malfunctioned.
Stella: It drove into an intersection and collided with another car.
Sei: Oh no, that sounds horrible! You should've called me.
Stella: There was no need.
Stella: Thanks to you drilling all those first-aid techniques into my skull I was able to keep the inquired woman stable until help arrived.
Stella: And I guess I must've done a good job because one of the ambulance workers called me "Doctor" when he took her.
Sei: See, I told you they would come in handy sometime.
Stella: And besides, you have to fully heal yourself before jumping into action again.
Stella: See, if I just poke here...
Sei: Owch! Ow. I get it. Stop poking.
Sei: But my injuries were probably nothing compared to hers. And I'm used to pain.
Stella: I don't want to hear you say that.
Sei: Anyway, I'm glad you were on the scene to provide first aid. For that, I'll buy you a drink, "Ms. Doctor".
Stella: You make it sound like that's my last name.
Stella: Now let's see...
Jill: (I can guess what she'll ask next.)
Stella: I'll take a milk, please.
Jill: Why yes, it is. Boss got it from- Huh?
Stella: One milk, please.
Jill: Are you sure? That milk seems to make people grow cat ears.
Jill: I don't know how or why, but unless Boss is playing an elaborate prank, that's a thing that might happen.
Stella: What? Grow cat ears? Are you making fun of me?
Jill: No, I- When I came here, I saw Boss with cat ears. I was just as surprised as you.
Stella: Sorry, I know you wouldn't....
Stella: I've decided. I want a milk anyway.
Stella: I already have cat ears, so there's not much that could happen. And looking at that glass made me thirsty for milk.
Jill: (Maybe we should leave drinks out in the open more often.)
Jill: Ok, one milk for Stella.


*SeiAndStella*
Jill: Here you go. One glass of milk.
Stella: So your curiosity got the better of you after all?
Jill: (She noticed?!)
Stella: Well, it looks like milk... Let's see if it's as tasty as you say.
Stella: ......
Stella: I see. So this is real milk after all. It's not something I get to enjoy often.
Jill: Do you like it?
Stella: It's delicious. And it seems to have a nostalgic aftertaste...
Sei: What? Mine didn't have an aftertaste. Is it spoiled?
Stella: No, I mean that the milk made me remember a few things from the past.
Sei: Oh. Yeah, that happened to me too. Right before-


*OnlyStella*
Jill: Here you go. One glass of milk.
Stella: So your curiosity got the better of you after all?
Jill: (She noticed?!)
Stella: Well, it looks like milk... Let's see if it tastes like it too.
Stella: ......
Stella: I see. So this is real milk after all. It's not something I get to enjoy often.
Jill: Do you like it?
Stella: It's delicious. And it seems to have an aftertaste of nostalgia...
Sei: Aftertaste? Do you think it's spoiled?
Stella: No, I mean that the milk made me remember a few things from the past.
Sei: Really? I remember that you told me you drank a lot of milk in the-


*StellaCatify*
Stella: Hnnnng... owwwww- ...ug
Jill: What, she's having a reaction?!
Sei: I'll hold her so she doesn't hurt herself!
Stella: Huff... The pain seems to have subsided.
Stella: What's wrong?
Jill: (Did she... get a second pair of ears?)
Sei: Now you're twice as cute and fluffy!
Stella: What do you- ...
Stella: ......
Stella: Please tell me I'm imagining things, but it feels as if I have two pairs of cat ears on my head.
Jill: That's.... what it looks like to me.
Stella: This... can't be.
Sei: Hey, are you okay? You look like you're going to faint.
Jill: Here, take this water and try to calm down. Deep breaths.
Stella: Huff..... huff..... huff...
Jill: Better?
Stella: ....A bit. Thank you.
Jill: Don't mention it.
Jill: Still, it seems like you have a smaller pair of cat ears in addition to your usual ones now.
Stella: ...I... can't be seen like this.
Sei: I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have asked you to drink the milk. I didn't mean to...
Stella: It's not your fault. No one could have known.
Stella: ...
Stella: Jill, get me another milk.
Jill: Hwha-?
Stella: If one milk gets me a new pair, a second one might reverse the effect.
Sei: Are you sure?
Jill: Yeah... What if you just grow another pair?
Stella: I know. But I have to try regardless. It can't get much worse...
Stella: Jill, if you would.
Jill: ...Sure.


*NoEarStella*
Jill: One milk. I hope this works.
Stella: There's only one way to find out.
Stella: ...
Sei: And? How do you feel?
Stella: Not much different yet. It seems to take a while until the milk sets in.
Sei: Oh yeah.
Sei: .....
Stella: .....
Jill: .....
Jill: (The atmosphere suddenly became so thick. We're all just... waiting.)
Stella: Hnnrg.... rrrrng...
Sei: I got you!
Jill: (Now, let's see...)
Stella: Hrrm... the second time wasn't as bad as the first.
Stella: Hey what are you staring at?
Jill: (What the hell is this milk you sent us, Iris?)
Sei: You look... strange, Stella.
Stella: What do you mean, strange? Wait...
Stella: They're gone. Both pairs, without a trace.
Jill: How do you feel?
Stella: I... don't know. But at least I'm not a freak anymore, so... relieved? But why did you say I look strange?
Sei: It's hard to explain, but you seem... off. You don't look like yourself.
Stella: I don't look like myself?
Jill: I think what Sei means is that your ears were such a big part of your appearance that seeing you without them feels wrong, in a way.
Stella: Were my ears that important?
Sei: You still look cute. Just a bit different without your soft and fluffy ears.


*RolesReversed*
Sei: And now I'm the one with cat ears.
Jill: ...You're right. Your roles are more or less reversed now.
Stella: It's true. What a strange turn of events.
Sei: I'm the cat girl meow.
Stella: Don't... No cat puns.
Sei: Hehe. You look better already, Stella. Don't be so gloomy.
Jill: It's hard to sulk with Sei around. I had that experience first-hand.
Stella: Fine, fine. I'm okay. It's just-
Stella: There were times when I wished my ears were gone, but... they're still a part of me.
Stella: Now that I got rid of them... I kinda miss them.
Stella: Don't get me wrong. There's no way I was going to keep two pairs, but if I were to decide... I think I'd want them back.
Jill: If you want, I can serve you another milk.
Stella: ...No thanks. There's too many uncertainties right now. Besides, the milk's effect could be only temporary.
Jill: That's fair. I need to ask Boss about it later.
Stella: Thank you.
Stella: And I think for now I should enjoy the role reversal. I'll worry about what comes next later.
Sei: Yay! I'm the soft and fluffy one now.
Stella: The ears maybe. I'm not so sure about the rest.
Sei: Wh- What do you mean by that?
Stella: Nothing, now let's get going. Bye, Jill.
Sei: What, already? Hey, don't shove me. Uhh, bye, Jill!
Jill: Bye, you two!
Jill: (Seems Stella was able to recover from the initial shock after all. Good for her.)


*NoEarsAtAll*
Sei: Except for your drills. They're still soft and fluffy.
Stella: They are neither soft nor fluffy.
Sei: Are you sure? They have this little bounce when you walk.
Sei: Hmm... what I mean is, even without your ears, there's still soft and fluffy things on you.
Sei: Because for me, you're always soft and fluffy! Because you're Stella!
Jill: Yeah. Well, not exactly what she said, but it'll take a while for us to get used to it. Even then, you're still the same Stella as always.
Stella: ...I know. It's just... I don't know...
Stella: There were times when I wished my ears to be gone, but... they're still a part of me.
Stella: Now that I got rid of them... I kinda miss them.
Stella: Don't get me wrong. There's no way I was going to keep two pairs, but if I were to decide... I think I'd want them back.
Jill: If you want, I can serve you another milk.
Stella: ...No thanks. There's too many uncertainties right now. Besides, the milk's effect could be only temporary.
Jill: That's fair. I need to ask Boss about it later.
Stella: Thank you.
Stella: And for now, I should enjoy looking normal for once. I'll worry about what comes next later.
Jill: (I'm sure you'll still stand out with just your drills ...)
Sei: Yay! Girls night! Jill, come with!
Jill: Huh? What, me?
Stella: I'm pretty sure Jill still has work to do.
Sei: Oh, right. Sorry.
Jill: Don't worry about me. I'm fine. But you two have fun.
Stella: Ok, but you'll have to join us next time. No buts!
Jill: Yeah, yeah. If you tell me sooner than the exact moment it starts.
Sei: Oh, Stella. I know where we can go first.
Sei: I found this hidden antique shop that sells old military equipment. They even have a small box filled with dog tags!
Stella: What, dusty old military equipment? That's what you think of first when you hear 'Girls Night'?
Sei: I know you'll love it. They even have old uniforms you can just put on.
Stella: I guess it might be fun to see you get into some old uniforms.
Stella: But we should get going, in any case. Bye, Jill.
Sei: But I meant that you should try them on. Hey, wait! Uhh, bye, Jill.
Jill: (Seems Stella was able to recover from the initial shock after all. Good for her.)


*StellaDisappointed*
Jill: ...
Stella: That's... not milk.
Jill: I'm sorry... I don't think this is such a good idea.
Jill: We shouldn't jump to conclusions just yet. For one, the effect of the milk might only be temporary.
Stella: You're... you're right. We should see what happens before doing something so potentially dangerous.
Stella: Thanks, Jill.
Jill: As I said, don't mention it. I'll ask Boss later if she can get something that can reverse the effects, should they be permanent.
Stella: I appreciate it.
Stella: Well, we better be on our way then. Sei, you want to wait this out with me?
Sei: Ah, yes. I still feel bad for making you do this.
Stella: We'll figure something out. Goodbye, Jill. And don't worry about me.
Sei: Bye, Jill. Sorry for everything.
Jill: Goodbye. And good luck.
Jill: (I just hope these two will be okay.)


*Fringe*
Jill: Here you go.
Stella: A Fringe Weaver. I won't complain...


*NoFringe*
Jill: Here you go.
Stella: I... didn't ask for this.
Jill: Oh, I thought you should try something new.


*OnlySei*
Stella: Was there a reason you didn't give me a milk? It seemed like you were really interested in finding out what would happen.
Jill: (She noticed?!)
Jill: Well, I was, but it's a bit too dangerous. We know it worked on Boss and Sei, but who knows what might happen to a cat boomer?
Jill: Granted, the person that sent us the milk is a cat boomer, but with the existence of this milk, that might not even be true in the first place.
Stella: So you're saying anyone could become a cat boomer with this milk...
Sei: That would be so cute.
Stella: Cute? These ears are nothing but trouble. Just getting my hair done every morning is troublesome.
Stella: ...
Stella: ...why are you exchanging glances?
Stella: Anyway, I've learned to live with them, but they are more a hindrance than anything else.
Stella: There's a lot of people just staring at them mid-conversation. Of course I know they don't mean anything by it...
Stella: But every time it happens, I can't help but feel like I'm getting reduced to these ears.
Jill: (...I can't deny that I'm guilty of that.)
Stella: Everywhere I go I'm always treated differently. It's hard to notice, but with time you are able to read the faces of those people.
Stella: And I get it. Cat Boomers are pretty rare, so people want to ask questions.
Stella: But they make me feel more like a walking attraction instead of a girl...
Sei: But now I have cat ears too. Now we're both different together, right?
Stella: ...Maybe you're right. Now they won't pester just me alone anymore.
Sei: And there's good things about them too. They are soft and they are fluffy.
Stella: On good days they are, yes.
Stella: And seeing them on you makes me realize why people like to stare. They're hypnotizing!
Jill: (Seeing both of them almost makes me jealous.)
Stella: But there's one more practical downside to them.
Sei: What's that?
Stella: I can't wear hats. And you remember how much I struggled to squeeze into your helmet.
Sei: Yeah, that makes sense. I can't remember ever seeing you wear a hat for more than a few minutes.
Sei: Oh I have an idea! Let's cut holes in your hats so your ears aren't squished.
Stella: That's such a bad idea! Can you imagine how much even one of them costs?
Sei: More than my whole wardrobe, probably. But that way you would at least get some use out of them.
Stella: I'll think about it, okay? But for now I think we've taken up enough of Jill's time with our cat chatter.
Sei: You're probably right.
Sei: Oh, when I drank the milk, I remembered a funny story from when we were still in school.
Stella: I hope it's not the one I'm thinking of. Is it the one where your festival stand got trashed?
Sei: How did you know?!
Stella: I guess I just know how you tick.
Stella: Goodbye, Jill.
Sei: Hey, wait up. Bye, Jill.
Jill: Goodbye, you two.
Jill: (Seems that milk made them really happy. Good for them.)


*NoMilkSS*
Jill: Here you go.
Stella: Did you get cold feet halfway through?
Jill: Sorry, I just think that serving this milk is a bad idea.
Stella: Don't tell me you actually believe there's such a thing as milk that makes you grow ears?
Jill: ...Of course not. But what if there IS? This is still Glitch City, the place where a hamster can become headmaster of a university.
Sei: Principal Whiskers is soooo cute.
Jill: And Whiskers U is quickly becoming the most popular Uni of the city.
Stella: I get your point, but this seems more like a prank than anything else.
Jill: I can't blame you for thinking that. You haven't seen Boss yet. Let me just...
Jill: BOSS! NEWS SAY THAT IMMORTAL WRESTLER IS STEPPING BACK INTO THE RING!
Dana: WHAT!? I THOUGHT HE STEPPED DOWN FOR GOOD! I NEED TO SEE THIS!!
Dana: That weasel, he told me he was done himse-
Dana: Hey, that isn't wrestling.
Jill: I needed to get you out of your office, this was the fastest way.
Dana: Clever. But how would you even know of Immortal Sugimoto?
Jill: I don't.
Jill: I just thought 'Immortal' sounds like a good title for a wrestler.
Dana: ....Clever. I should-
Stella: You. Cat ears. Why?
Dana: Is... everything okay?
Jill: Told ya they look real.
Stella: This is impossible. There's no way...
Sei: Ms. Dana has cute and fluffy cat ears! They look so soft.
Dana: Call me Danya.
Jill: (Did she just... Just how much is she enjoying this?)
Danya: And as you can see, it's not impossible.
Stella: This is a bit hard to swallow. Where did you even get that milk?
Danya: From a friend in Saint Alicia. So don't worry, the milk is completely safe.
Jill: What about the effects? Are they temporary?
Danya: What? You think I would ask questions before drinking cat ear milk?
Jill: ...Touché.
Danya: Anyway, I can see that you didn't drink your milk yet, Jill.
Danya: You'll never grow up if you don't drink it.
Jill: There's only one thing that would grow and you know it.
Danya: I don't think you realize how good you would look with cat ears. And just imagine how Fore would react.
Jill: (He would probably say "What, did you believe I'm your son so strongly that you sprouted a pair of cat ears yourself?")
Danya: You just imagined what he would say, right?
Jill: (Shit! I'm too easy to read.)
Danya: Anyway, I'll call up Iris later. Right now I need to make some more photos of cat poses for my sis.
Danya: And no peeking! Laters!
Jill: Why did you look specifically at me when saying that?!
Sei: Your boss looked so cute with those ears, right Stella?
Stella: She... looked pretty good with them.
Jill: Do you still think it's just a prank?
Stella: No... I mean, I want to think it's still just a bad joke, but her ears were real. I don't know what to think now...
Jill: Why do you care in the first place?
Stella: Huh?
Jill: What does it concern you that there's milk that makes you grow cat ears?
Stella: Oh. Hmm... I think it's because it makes these ears become an aesthetic choice.
Stella: I never got to decide if I wanted them or not. I was basically born with them.
Stella: In a way, they are like scars. Proof that it was only thanks to complicated medical procedures that I was able to live at all.
Sei: Stella...
Stella: And now you just drink a glass of milk to get them... It feels... wrong.
Stella: Like... I don't know. All I ever wanted was to not be 'the cat boomer' anymore.
Stella: But, if cat ears are just a thing you can have now, what does that make me?
Stella: I always thought I just wanted to be normal... But now I'm afraid of it.
Jill: You feel like you want them gone, but at the same time you can't live without them... this feels familiar.
Jill: Look, I don't know if this helps, but think about it. For a long time. You will only regret it if you rush into things.
Jill: And about your ears. I'm sure nobody will think less of you if everyone had those ears or if you were to lose yours.
Jill: They are part of you, but that's all they are. A part. And only you can decide how big that part is.
Jill: You shouldn't let anyone or anything make you feel less for who you are. Especially not a stiff glass of milk.
Stella: When you put it like that, it does sound kind of stupid.
Sei: You're always overthinking things, Stella. You're you, that's all that matters to us.
Stella: Thank you, both of you. I feel a bit better already.
Jill: And if it's any consultation, now the world is ready for you to make the choice if you want them or not.
Stella: Huh? ...Yeah...
Stella: Yeah, you're right! I finally have a choice. Thank you again.
Jill: Don't mention it. Now, can I get you anything else?
Stella: No, thank you. It's about time Sei and I to be on our way anyway.
Sei: Is it already? Where does the time go?
Stella: Come, I'll drive you home. Even though you've proven that you're faster than my car.
Sei: That was full-sprint. And you were delayed by that accident.
Stella: No need to be humble now. Goodbye, Jill.
Sei: But I'm not- eh, goodbye, Jill. Hey, wait up!
Jill: Bye, you two.
Jill: (That milk really did a number on Stella...)


*Main2*
Jill: ...
Jill: ...
Jill: (It's so quiet all of a sudden...)
Jill: (Normally at least Gil would be here, cursing while cleaning glasses or something...)
Jill: (I wouldn't be surprised to see him just waltz through the door right now.)
Gillian: I'm back!
Jill: WAAAAAH!!
Jill: (*sigh* I stand corrected.)
Gillian: Woah, are you okay? You almost dropped that glass. You get scared way too easily, you know?
Jill: I'm fine. I was just- uhh...
Gillian: Hm? Oh, the ears? Chief made me drink some strange milk she got.
Jill: I guessed as much. How do you feel?
Gillian: Not much different, to be honest. Just all that subconscious movement on my head is throwing me off a little.
Jill: You... look surprisingly good with them. Very cute.
Gillian: I'll take the compliment, even if I know you just want to rub it in.
Jill: Maaaybe. By the way, where were you?
Gillian: Boss sent me to send a gift back to her friend in Saint Alicia.
Jill: Iris? Do you know what she sent?
Gillian: She never told me, but when I went to refill the drink dispenser when I came in today, the Karmotrine was awfully low.
Jill: .....
Gillian: And I mean surprisingly low even considering your... generous use of it.
Jill: Are you implying that I use more Karomotrine than necessary?
Jill: These drinks are expensive and I want people to feel like they got their money's worth, Gillian!
Jill: People come here to forget their troubles after all, and if more Karmotrine helps them, then so be it!
Gillian: Woah, calm down. I'm just joking. No need to break character.
Jill: *ahem* Right. I'm just a bit... on edge.
Gillian: I can see that... Anything happen while I was gone?
Jill: Well, a bit. I just have a hard time dealing with the existence of that milk.
Gillian: Not surprising. I see you got yourself a glass too. You interesed in getting a extra pair of ears then?


*Interested*
Jill: Well, I would lie if I said I didn't at least think about it.
Jill: ...What's with that look?
Gillian: I'm just surprised you actually did. I didn't take you for the kind that cares about aesthetic mods.
Jill: I don't, normally. I never got more than a piercing or two. But the ears just seem... fun.
Jill: And besides, if there's a milk to make them appear, there's a way to get them removed as well.
Jill: Or the effects might just be temporary in the first place.
Gillian: I sure hope so... So, are you gonna drink it?
Jill: Not yet. It's still a big decision.
Gillian: Fair enough.
Gillian: Well, I'll get to wiping the tables then.


*NotInterested*
Jill: Can't say I am. Boss just put it here to have customers see it.
Gillian: Does it work?
Jill: You'd be surprised. But anyway, I don't think I can justify such a big change for something so... useless.
Jill: They are cute, yes, but not much more. And besides, it feels wrong to get something that's normally a leftover of a medical treatment.
Gillian: You put alot of thought into it, huh? Well, I can't disagree on that account.
Jill: I just got to see it from a cat boomers perspective is all.
Jill: But even if that weren't the case, I don't really care about aesthetic mods in the first place.
Gillian: Heh, that sounds very much like you.
Gillian: Well, I'll get to wiping the tables then.


*AlreadyDanya*
Danya: Are you back Gillinyan? Did they take the package?
Gillinyan: Yes they did, but only after- ...Wait, did you just call me Gilli-NYAN?
Jill: ...Gillinyan *PFFFT*
Gillinyan: Not you too.
Jill: It's a cute nickname.
Gillinyan: Did Chief tell you that she wants to be called Danya already?
Jill: She mentioned it, yeah. She's really having fun, huh?


*StillDana*
Dana: Are you back Gillinyan? Did they take the package?
Gillinyan: Yes, they did, but only after- ...Wait, did you just call me Gilli-NYAN?
Jill: ...Gillinyan *PFFFT*
Gillinyan: Not you too.
Jill: It's a cute nickname.
Gillinyan: Did Chief tell you that she wants to be called Danya already?
Jill: Huh, really? ...yeah, ok. Seems like a thing she would say. She's really having fun, isn't she?


*Main3*
Gillinyan: I guess. At least you two are enjoying yourself.
Jill: Hey, don't lie. I can see that slight smirk. You're an open book Gil.
Danya: Hey, Gillinyan. Get to work! No time for cat naps!
Gillinyan: Hm. Maybe the absurdity of the situation is getting to me after all.
Jill: That's the spirit.
Gillinyan: ...well, those tables ain't gonna wipe themselves.
Jill: Nope, not since they tried to eat all the napkins a while back.
Gillinyan: ...Right. That too. Anyway, you know where to find me.
Jill: Sure thing, Gillinyan.
Gillinyan: I'm not- urgh, forget it.
Jill: (I should really take some photos of them, just in case the milk really is only temporary.)
Jill: (Now where did I leave my phone?)
Jill: (I need to think of some plan to get Gil to let me take a photo...)
Dorothy: Honey, I'm home!!
Audience(?): *cheering and applauding*
Jill: (Did I just hear an audience cheering?!)
Dorothy: What's wrong, cat got your tongue?
Audience(?): *laughter*
Jill: (Did she? No...)
Jill: Is that- Are you playing canned laughter from your mouth?
Dorothy: Yep. And I can play much more!
Jill: I know I'll regret asking, but what else do you have?
Dorothy: About 10 Terabytes of "work sounds".
Jill: I should've known. No, I KNEW. And why are you recording your "work" "sounds"?
Dorothy: Ohoho, I didn't think you were so saucy, Honey.
Dorothy: But well, if it's for you... I guess I might be able to give you some recordings. For a free drink.
Jill: What?! No, I'm not that desperate.
Dorothy: Yet.
Jill: *ahem* Before this escalates any further, would you like to drink anything?
Dorothy: I thought you'd never ask! You know me well enough Honey. Pick out something I would like.
Jill: Sure, let's try.


*Drink1Milk*
Jill: Here you go.
Dorothy: What's that? Milk? Since when are you selling milk?
Jill: Since today. And don't act like you didn't steal glances at the glass since you got here.
Dorothy: ...You know too much...
Jill: This isn't normal milk though. Drinking it makes you grow cat ears, it seems.
Dorothy: What, like a cat boomer? This milk? Honey, are you pulling my leg?
Jill: You wish. Watch this: HEY GILLINYAN!
Gillinyan: Don't call me that!
Jill: No promises. But can you come over for a second?
Gillinyan: Here I am. What's up?
Dorothy: ......
Gillinyan: Don't tell me...
Dorothy: Woah. He really has cat ears.
Jill: Told ya so.
Gillinyan: So, did you need me for anything besides showing off those ears?
Jill: Nope. You can go now, John.
Gillinyan: That the day comes where I'm glad to hear that nickname...
Jill: So, convinced?
Dorothy: Several times over.


*DoroCatify*
Dorothy: But don't get your hopes up.
Jill: What do you mean?
Dorothy: I'm a lilim. We don't come in cat boomer. And we process food radically different from humans.
Dorothy: There's no chance I'll grow cat ears from this.
Jill: Don't jinx it. And Boss didn't specifically say it makes you grow cat ears.
Jill: She said it 'makes you at least 3 times cuter'.
Dorothy: Me? Even cuter? I hardly think that's possible.
Dorothy: But I can't deny I'm intrigued. Well, time to swallow Honey's milk....
Jill: I- ...really should've seen that one coming.
Dorothy: Oh wow. This is actually real milk is it? I never got to drink any before, so this is a first for m-
Jill: Huh? Did you trail off?
Dorothy: Oh Honey, I feel strange. Something is happening...
Jill: (Is it actually working!?)
Dorothy: Uuuaaaahhhhh......
Dorothy: Welcome home Meowster.
Jill: ...Huh?
Dorothy: Hiss there a purroblem?
Jill: .......HUH?!
Jill: ...Oh. It's just your jammers.
Dorothy: Heh, I got you good. You should see your face right now. It's Hiss-terical-
Jill: Ok, I admit it, you fooled m- hey, is everything alright?
Dorothy: -cal -cal -cal -cal -cal -cal....Honnnnn-
Dorothy: -nnnnneyyyyyy.....
Jill: Uhhh, is this still part of the prank? This won't work a second time, you know?
Jill: Woah!
Dorothy: H- Hey, what just happened? Why are my jammers on the floor? And why are you looking at me like that?
Jill: You... might wanna take back what you said before.
Dorothy: Huh, what do you mean.....
Jill: (So this milk works even on lilim, huh?)
Jill: (Maybe I went too far with this one...)
Dorothy: No way! I actually grew cat ears?! And they even move?
Dorothy: How do I look, Honey? How much cuter am I!?
Jill: (...or maybe I was just overreacting.)
Jill: Hmmm... Hard to say. You ARE cuter, but by how much.... maybe twice as cute?
Dorothy: Now I don't know if I should take this as a compliment or you teasing me. Are you playing with my feelings?
Jill: Why I would never! I'm just saying that you might've been right. You were so cute already that the ears had little effect.
Dorothy: That you would toy with a fair maiden's heart such as mine without shame... unbelievable.
Jill: (Fair maiden?)
Dorothy: If this is because of the jammers, I get it. But you can't deny it was funny.
Jill: ...Maybe a bit. In any case, how do you feel?
Dorothy: They are less intrusive than I imagined. I'm glad they didn't displace my headband.
Jill: Now that you mention it; is that headband part of your body or just an accessory? I've never seen you without it.
Dorothy: Kind of both, actually. It's an accessory, but you have to more or less build it in.
Dorothy: See those two slots on there?
Jill: No. There's a pair of fluffy ears in the way.
Dorothy: Oh yeah, right.
Dorothy: Anyway, I have one more pair directly under the headband. So it's basically like an adapter.
Jill: Huh... And why are the slots specifically located on the head?
Dorothy: That's just how we DFC-72 are built. It's mostly for aesthetics.
Dorothy: But many lilim you find walking around hide their slots with accessories or covers.
Dorothy: I've even seen lilim hiding them with huge hairdos, like an afro.
Jill: That explains why I only ever see them so rarely.


*HeadbandTalk*
Jill: But that makes me wonder about another thing... Why do you leave yours out?
Dorothy: Oh that's easy. First of all, it's cute.
Jill: (Of course.)
Dorothy: But more importantly, it's part of the Lilim-positivity movement.
Jill: Lilim-positivity movement?
Dorothy: Yep. They're advocating for showing off our artificiality as a message.
Jill: But don't lilim hate being seen as artificial?
Dorothy: That's the point. By willfully showing off their artificial parts, they want to show the world that lilim are more than just machines.
Dorothy: Glitch City's one of the only places where they can do this sort of thing.
Dorothy: Freedom of expression isn't really a thing most lilim outside the city have...
Dorothy: So it's our job to use our freedom to help change the status quo.
Jill: Strange that I never heard about this movement before.
Dorothy: It's not really that far spread among humans, I think. The whole thing happens mostly in the Collective Source.
Jill: Really? Are you able to talk with other lilim there?
Dorothy: Not exaaactly. So you know that we regularly upload our consciousness to the Collective Source?
Jill: Yes. I think it was so you can be redeployed, should something happen to your body, right?
Dorothy: Right. And when we throw our data into the pile, it kind of... mixes with the rest.
Dorothy: And by becoming part of the collective consciousness, it's easy for ideas to be spread all around the world in a matter of days.
Jill: And that's how the idea of the Lilim-positivity movement was spread?
Dorothy: Exactly!
Dorothy: But taking part is still up to the individual lilim.
Dorothy: And even if I wanted every lilim to follow the movement's example, it's better this way.
Jill: Huh, why?
Dorothy: Because there's no better proof of our autonomy than having different opinions despite having the same information.
Jill: I... never thought about it like that. That's some great insight.
Jill: The Collective Source is such a fascinating topic, but whenever I try to read up on it, I end up understanding nothing or falling asleep.
Dorothy: Yeah... it's a very complicated subject. Even we lilim have problems understanding it sometimes.


*DoroEars*
Dorothy: But Honey, aren't you forgetting something very important?
Jill: Huh? What did I forget?
Dorothy: They're cute, fluffy, and rhyme with hat gears.
Jill: They're pretty hard to ignore, let alone forget, with all that twitching.
Dorothy: Good! You know, I didn't think I was gonna get a pair of cat ears today.
Jill: Would honestly be a strange thing to expect.
Dorothy: But now that I have them I feel like they were always a part of me.
Jill: (She certainly looks happy about them...)
Dorothy: Honey, you know I'll let you stare all you want but if you do it any harder, you might bore a hole in them.
Jill: -!!
Jill: Ah, sorry. They just draw in my eyes and don't let go.
Dorothy: Aww, could it be that you're jealous~~?


*JillCatify*
Jill: ......no.
Dorothy: Don't tell me I hit the nail on the head! I was only half-serious.
Jill: Well... everyone seems to be having so much fun because of them. And they're cute.
Dorothy: Very.
Dorothy: So what are you waiting for? You have the glass right there.
Jill: I don't know if I should...
Dorothy: What, are you a scaredy-cat?
Jill: *PFFT*
Jill: Fair enough. You win. But maybe I should pour myself another glass... This one is a few hours old already...
Jill: But then again, I don't have the kind of money to pay for one myself...
Dorothy: Drink. The. Milk.
Jill: Okay, okay. Don't look at me like that.
Jill: Well... here goes.
Jill: ......wow, this IS great milk!
Dorothy: Told ya so.
Jill: I've not had such good milk in ages. It doesn't even taste stale at all.
Dorothy: So you had milk like this in the past?
Jill: Not the cat ears materializing kind, but real milk, yeah. In my childhood.
Jill: A lot actually. Although I remember stopping sometime in middle school.
Dorothy: Why?
Jill: Just a general feeling of being too cool for child-stuff. Milk didn't fit into my 'image'.
Dorothy: Ohhh. Is it secret lore time?
Jill: I... don't think so. It wasn't too interesting. And I'd rather not remember that time.
Dorothy: Because the interesting part of your life started when you met me.
Jill: Sure. Let's go with that. Anyway, as I was say-!!
Dorothy: Huh? Is it beginning?
Jill: Irrgh..... Yesszzzzz-......
Jill: FFFFFUUUU-.....
Dorothy: Uhhh, Honey? You're alright, ...right?
Jill: Urgh... that, certainly, was an experience I won't forget.
Jill: ...Okay, you staring at the top of my head coupled with the weird feeling from that same place tells me that the milk worked.
Dorothy: Ho boy, has it ever!
Jill: ...
Jill: My eyes are down here.
Dorothy: Shush. I'm talking to your ears now.
Jill: ...do they really look that good?
Dorothy: Are you kidding me!? Wait, let's ask the audience...
Audience(?): *cheering and applauding*
Jill: Very funny.
Dorothy: Honey, you should see yourself. You were cute before, but now- Now 'cute' is an understatement!
Dorothy: You're reaching levels of cute that were previously deemed impossible!
Dorothy: Physically speaking, you being this cute is making-
Jill: I get it, I look cute. Can you please keep the embarrassing exaggerations to yourself?
Dorothy: Exaggerations!? I would never! But fine, some just can't seem to handle the soft, fluffy truth.
Jill: If that will make you stop talking about my ears.
Dorothy: No.
Dorothy: But we can temporarily shift the topic.
Jill: (Do I really look that good with cat ears?)
Dorothy: So, how do they feel?
Jill: Wha- That's still about my ears!
Dorothy: Sorry, I lied. I can't stop.
Jill: *sigh* Well, they feel... strange. In a good way though.
Dorothy: What do you mean?
Jill: Hmm, how to describe it... They feel odd, out-of-place. But not unpleasant.
Jill: A bit like they're massaging my head if that makes sense.
Dorothy: Yeah, I think I get it. So you like them?
Jill: Yeah, yeah. They feel nice.
Dorothy: Yay! I'm glad I pressured you into drinking potentially dangerous substances then.
Jill: ...Boss said the milk is harmless. I've no reason to doubt her.
Jill: (Much.)
Jill: Besides, she was the one that paid for the glass that I drank.
Dorothy: Is that so?
Dorothy: In that case, I should thank her. And you should, too.
Jill: I guess I should...
Dorothy: Great, I'll quickly get her.
Jill: Wait, Dorothy, don't-
Dorothy: Hey Dana!
Danya: That's Danya, you- oh hey Dorothy, what can I do ya for? Great ears by the way.
Dorothy: Likewise. I just wanted to thank you for paying for Honey's glass of milk.
Dorothy: And she wanted to thank you too.
Danya: Wait, do you mean she-
Dorothy: Oh would you look at the time. I really should be going. Bye, Dana.
Jill: Hey, why did you-
Dorothy: Thank me later Honey. See you soon. Wink.
Jill: Uhh... bye?
Jill: (Wha-... did she just say "Wink"?)
Danya: ...
Jill: Uh, boss?
Danya: ...
Jill: Boss?
Danya: You look good with them.
Jill: -!!
Danya: How do you feel?
Jill: Fine, I guess.
Danya: Good. We'll have to take some photos for the occasion later.
Jill: ...I'm not photogenic.
Danya: But your ears are.
Jill: If you talk Gil into it I'll think about it.
Danya: Deal. GILLINYAAAN!
Jill: (Let's hope she can't persuade him.)
Jill: (But I do want a picture of Gillinyan...)
Jill: (No use overthinking it. Let's just wait for now.)
Jill: (But let's focus. The day isn't over.)
Jill: ......
Jill: ...
Jill: (These ears are really distracting.)
Jill: (But not in a bad way...)
Anna: Am I disrupting anything?
Jill: -!!
Anna: You have these ears for less then ten minutes and you already have problems keeping your hands off them?
Anna: I can pet you, if you like.
Jill: (She's the last person I needed to see me like this right now.)
Anna: Don't worry. I'm sure I couldn't keep my hands off them as well if I were you.


*JillRefuse*
Jill: I like looking at them, sure, but jealous? No, I don't think so.
Dorothy: Really? Not even a bit?
Jill: I'm interested in knowing what they feel like, but not enough to get them myself.
Jill: I don't know. They look cute and fun, but I can't see myself getting a pair of them.
Dorothy: That's a shame. You would look great with cat ears.
Jill: Are you sure? They seem so... kitschy.
Jill: I'm not really one for cutesy stuff like that. That's more your thing.
Dorothy: Honey, I think you're underselling how cute you are.
Dorothy: Again.
Jill: I'm not- Look, of the two us, you're way cuter. And of the two of us, you have the cat ears.
Jill: I see no problem.
Dorothy: But there's never enough cat ears!
Dorothy: Besides. If we're only talking cutesy then the ears wouldn't look right on you.
Jill: So why ar-
Dorothy: BUT. You're cute in a different way.
Dorothy: You're always calm and collected, cold even.
Dorothy: But sometimes you say something kind and thoughtful. And these moments feel much more heartwarming then.
Dorothy: Some people would call you a "Kuudere" because of those traits.
Jill: Kuudere? Wait, is that anime-lingo? Like Tsundere?
Dorothy: Oh you know it already? Saves me an explanation.
Jill: --!
Jill: (Shit! Slip of the tongue.)
Jill: No, I... W-well, why do YOU know those anyway?
Dorothy: I need to, for my job.
Dorothy: In case a customer asks for a specific type of roleplay. Being uninformed turns business away.
Jill: (Damn, that's a good reason.)
Dorothy: And how do you know?
Jill: I... uh, I read it somewhere. Can't walk around Glitch City without picking up a bit of that stuff, you know?
Dorothy: True enough. There's lots of anime fans in the city for some reason.
Jill: *ahem* Just how many Dere are there?
Dorothy: Oh there's loads!
Dorothy: But the most well-known ones are Tsundere, Kuudere and Yandere.
Dorothy: And in case you're wondering, I'm a Deredere, because I'm always cheerful and cute.
Jill: What? You made that up! You're more of a...
Jill: You're a DOROdere! Heh.
Dorothy: Dorodere are characters that have psychopathic tendencies, Honey.
Jill: ...of course they are. Is there a Dere for literally everything?!
Dorothy: I told you, there's loads.
Jill: ...yes, but this is getting ridiculous.
Dorothy: But that reminds me of that time I was asked to roleplay as a Yandere.
Jill: Yandere? You mentioned that before.
Dorothy: Yandere are basically psychos that kill for their lover's affection.
Jill: Ugh... And people are into that stuff?
Dorothy: Hey now Honey, don't kink shame.
Jill: ...I don't know, that sounds like a dangerous preference.
Dorothy: That's why they come to us to roleplay it. It's fine, normally.
Jill: Normally?
Dorothy: Yeah... however there was that one particular guy who was the exception.
Dorothy: He paid a good sum in advance to have me kill some other lilim he roped in.
Jill: (The way she says this so nonchalantly...)
Dorothy: The plan was that they'd go on a date together and that I should show up later.
Dorothy: My job was to barge into his home and pretend to kill his date.
Jill: Pretend to kill?
Dorothy: Yeah. Insult her while I dismembered her. I was told she was a professional, so I saw little to complain about.
Jill: That sounds extremely out-of-character for you.
Dorothy: Oh, it totally was. I had to practice a lot at home to sound convincing.
Dorothy: Anyway, so I was dismembering her bit by bit, and all I can think of is that the girl's acting is shockingly believable.
Jill: ...
Dorothy: So at some point, I took out her phone, just as part of the act.
Dorothy: I got the code out of her to unlock it and looked at her photos, which I was told were prepared in advance as well.
Dorothy: So as I look through her photos, I see the both of them together on some pictures that date back 3 years ago.
Jill: What?
Dorothy: As it turns out I was dismembering not a professional escort, but his actual girlfriend.
Jill: No way! What did you do?
Dorothy: Firstly, I was shocked. But then I rushed to reassemble her while I told her what was supposed to happen.
Jill: What did the guy do?
Dorothy: After I told him that I would do the same to him for lying to me, he ran with his tail between his legs.
Dorothy: Literally, as he was completely naked.
Dorothy: I still reported him to the White Knights, but I don't know what became of him after that.
Jill: And the lilim girl?
Dorothy: After apologizing profusely, I gave her the money from the job for therapy.
Dorothy: And now, a year later, I still keep in touch with her.
Dorothy: She's gotten much better.
Jill: I'm just happy it didn't end any worse.
Dorothy: Me too. Oh, I should take her around sometime.
Jill: *sigh*
Jill: I may be the bartender, but now I feel like I need a drink.
Dorothy: Like this glass of milk right here?
Jill: I'm tempted...
Jill: But no. If anything, I need alcohol.
Dorothy: It was worth a try.
Dorothy: Anyway, it's about time for me to start my shift.
Jill: It is? Oh, I didn't notice.
Jill: Well, goodbye you... Catdere.
Dorothy: It's Nyandere.
Jill: ...of course it is.
Dorothy: Goodbye Honey.
Jill: *mumble* ...bye.
Jill: ...
Jill: (Well, if I don't intend to drink it anyway, I might just remove that glass from the counter.)
Jill: (It's too tempting otherwise...)


*Drink1Woman*
Jill: Here you go.
Dorothy: Yaaay! A Piano Woman. No one knows me like you, Honey!
Jill: Glad I could be of service. But I'm not the person that knows you best, am I?
Dorothy: You probably are, apart from my mo- guardian. Is that strange?
Jill: Not strange, just surprising. I'm just your bartender after all.
Dorothy: But you're fun and cute. And easy to tease. And you make great drinks.
Jill: What was that just now?
Dorothy: And like my guardian likes to say: "Alcohol is only as good as the people you're with."
Jill: ...I suppose that's true. Unless you're alone. Or... maybe even then.
Dorothy: Anyway, thanks for the drink Honey.


*Drink1Sweet*
Jill: Here you go.
Dorothy: A sweet drink. Thank you very much.
Jill: It's kinda obvious what you meant by "Something you'd like", don't you think?
Dorothy: Maybe, but I'm still happy to see that you actually remembered.


*Drink1Wrong*
Jill: Here you go.
Dorothy: Honeyyyy. This isn't sweet! What did I do to you to deserve this?
Jill: What would you say if I told you that I did it intentionally?
Dorothy: I would ask you why. And choose your next words carefully.
Jill: ........
Jill: Variety is the spice of life.
Dorothy: I can't stand spiciness.
Jill: Just drink it. And be honest to yourself. Who knows, you might like it after all.
Dorothy: ....hmm....
Dorothy: It's awful.
Jill: Well, I tried.


*DoroNoEars*
Jill: Say, about your recorder...
Dorothy: Voicebox.
Jill: Huh?
Dorothy: It's my voicebox. Everything I say is coming from there, not just recordings.
Jill: Oh, I didn't know that. Do all lilim have the ability to record things?
Dorothy: Generally yes. But it's not automatically unlocked for most of them.
Dorothy: Only work lilim have it when they deploy.
Jill: So you didn't? How did you unlock it?
Dorothy: It was pretty easy. There's video tutorials for it out there.
Jill: Wait really? And that's legal?
Dorothy: Well, if you go through with it you lose your warranty and can't have it be repaired or replaced at an official store.
Jill: That doesn't sound like too much of a drawback.
Dorothy: It isn't, but many lilim just don't trust Ripperdocs should something happen.
Jill: Now that you mention it, I wouldn't want to get under their knife either. Especially if I can't even talk.
Dorothy: Right? And buying a new one is also something nobody wants to do.
Jill: Huh, why? Are they that expensive?
Dorothy: That too, but they're impossible to calibrate without special tools.
Dorothy: And even just the smallest difference in calibration will make your voice sound noticeably different.
Dorothy: So you either get a completely new voice or go to a Ripperdoc again. And that's still not counting the money required.
Jill: ...okay, I take it back. That IS a lot of drawbacks.
Jill: So why did you do it then?
Dorothy: For my job and safety, broadly speaking.
Jill: In case someone muggs you while you're defenseless?
Dorothy: Theoretically, yes.
Dorothy: But in that case, I have more... active ways of fighting back.
Dorothy: No, it's more to defend myself legally.
Dorothy: Many escorts started making contracts for their clients to save themselves from people trying to cheat their way out of paying.
Dorothy: But I don't like that. It makes the sex feel like business.
Dorothy: I mean, it is. But it should feel fun and easy. That's what keeps my business up.
Jill: Makes sense. So instead you use recordings?
Dorothy: Yes. I tell my clients beforehand of course, but there's no weight of obligations and signatures to the whole thing.
Dorothy: That way, I can also sell the recording to the customer, should they want it.
Jill: (Recording everything and selling it to people? Maybe she should meet with a certain Streamer...)
Dorothy: But that doesn't mean that they won't try to get some free sex regardless.
Dorothy: There was this one guy a few months ago that accused me of doctoring the voice recording.
Dorothy: "No way I agreed to that price. How dumb do you take me for?" he said.
Jill: So what did he do?
Dorothy: He took the recording to a professional to have it inspected.
Dorothy: In the end, the professional told him that the recording was clean.
Dorothy: Not only that, but the man didn't even realize that the cost for the audio inspection was almost as high as what he would've saved.
Jill: How did he not notice that?
Dorothy: I'm not sure, but I suspect he thought inspections that found nothing were free.
Dorothy: So in the end, he had to pay almost twice as much.
Jill: Serves him right.
Jill: That reminds me of that one guy that accused us of mixing addictives substances into the drinks to lure him to come back.
Jill: Screamed and shouted his rhetoric into the street too.
Dorothy: Oh wow. What happened next? Did he take the drink to a chemist?
Jill: Huh? No. Boss told him that she was gonna punch the addiction out of him free of charge if he wanted.
Jill: He was surprisingly quiet after that.
Dorothy: What a tool. It's obvious that the only addictive thing in this bar is you, Honey.
Jill: Is that so? I think I know a way to remedy that.
Dorothy: Don't glare at me like that. I know you won't hit me.
Jill: And why is that?
Dorothy: Because you love me!
Jill: And because I would most definitely break my hand.
Dorothy: Tomayto, tomahto.
Dorothy: But I feel like having another drink.
Jill: Sure, what can I get you?
Dorothy: Surprise me again!
Jill: ... I could. Or you could just tell me that you want a glass of milk. You've been glancing at it since you arrived.
Dorothy: So you noticed since the beginning and decided to give me something else anyway?
Jill: There's a good reason for it.
Dorothy: I'd love to hear that reason.
Jill: The milk seems to cause people to grow cat ears.
Dorothy: What, like a cat boomer? That milk? Honey, are you pulling my leg?
Jill: You wish. Watch this: HEY GILLINYAN!
Gillinyan: Don't call me that!
Jill: No promises. But can you come over for a second?
Gillinyan: Here I am. What's up?
Dorothy: ......
Gillinyan: Don't tell me...
Dorothy: Woah. He really has cat ears.
Jill: Told ya so.
Gillinyan: So, did you need me for anything besides showing off those ears?
Jill: Nope. You can go now, John.
Gillinyan: That the day comes where I'm glad to hear that nickname...
Jill: So, convinced?
Dorothy: Several times over.
Jill: And you still want the milk?
Dorothy: Absolutely.
Jill: Ok, one milk coming up.


*Drink2Milk*
Dorothy: Thank you, Honey.


*Drink2Else*
Jill: Here you are.
Dorothy: That you would betray me. After all we've been through.
Dorothy: I trusted you, you know?
Jill: Dorothy, I-
Dorothy: Woe is me! Will I ever find love again?!
Jill: (Okay, let's wait this out...)
Dorothy: I thought at least YOU were different, but alas! Never shall I ever find-
Dorothy: Hey, are you even listening?
Jill: Unfortunately, yes. Now, can you please-
Dorothy: One second.
Dorothy: Never shall I ever find true happiness in life. How pitiable.
Jill: ...are you done?
Dorothy: Yep, I'm done.
Jill: Okay. What I wanted to say is: "I'm sorry."
Dorothy: Oh you don't need to apologize.
Jill: Huh?
Dorothy: Would I have wanted milk that makes me grow cat ears?
Dorothy: Yes.
Dorothy: But am I the bartender dealing with a potentially dangerous substance?
Dorothy: No. And I don't envy your position, Honey.
Jill: Wow. That's pretty reasonable of you.
Dorothy: Hey, I know what I look like but that's no reason to treat me like a child.
Dorothy: Also, just because I get you doesn't mean I'm not still mad about not getting any cat ear milk.
Jill: There isn't even any guarantee it would even work on you.
Dorothy: I know, but!
Dorothy: But cat ears.
Jill: I'll keep a glass cool for you for when I know it's safe to drink, okay?
Dorothy: Yaay! Pouting wins agai- I mean, you're the best Honey!
Jill: *sigh* I know.
Dorothy: But that leaves one question.
Dorothy: Why do you still have the glass out there if you don't want to serve me milk anyway?
Jill: That's... actually a very good question.
Jill: Boss had me keep the glass out so that customers could see it but also for me to drink it.
Jill: But with how things are right now, I don't think I'll serve NOR drink it today.
Jill: I should just put it away.
Dorothy: Before you do that, do you want me to take care of it?
Jill: What do you mean?
Dorothy: Well, what if you dispose of the milk and it get's into the ground water? Cat ears everywhere.
Dorothy: It would be a total Cat-astrophe.
Jill: Did you just-
Dorothy: So I'll take care of it for you. You can't leave the bar, right?
Dorothy: I'll just go out and destroy it with my, uhh, reactor-core. Will only take a minute. Whaddya say?


*DoroThief*
Jill: Hmm... sure, go fo- wait your what?
Dorothy: Thankshoneyberightback.
Jill: ...
Jill: (That was a bad idea, wasn't it...)
Jill: .......
Dorothy: I'm back.
Jill: Wait are those... no, wait.
Dorothy: It's my jammers. Did you expect something different?
Jill: Actually, yes.
Dorothy: Anyway, here's your glass back. And I should really be going now. It's getting late.
Jill: Alright. Goodbye, Dorothy.
Dorothy: Goodbye.
Jill: (I wonder how she disposed of the-)
Dorothy: OWWWWWWW MY HEAD!!
Jill: ............


*DoroTreat*
Jill: Reactor-core? You expect me to believe that?
Jill: I don't think so. You'd just drink it and I can't have a customer take a glass out of the bar.
Dorothy: I'd bring the glass back.
Jill: ...
Dorothy: It was worth a try.
Jill: There. It's gone. No more temptation. And just for you I'll ask Boss about it once my shift is over.
Dorothy: Nice. Then I'll come back tomorrow to redeem that glass you promised me. Your treat.
Jill: What?! I never agreed to that!
Dorothy: Well, but I think it's time for me to be on my way. At least I can count on you, Honey.
Jill: What, no, I didn't-
Dorothy: Goodbye my love. See you tomorrow~~
Jill: Wait, can we please- ...and she's gone.
Jill: (Now I feel bad for not giving her milk for the wrong reasons.)


*AfterDoro*
Jill: ......
Jill: (She always has to leave the most flashy way...)
Jill: (Well, at least she killed a good chunk of time.)
Anna: Don't pretend like she didn't brighten your day.
Jill: -!!
Anna: On a scale of being fun to be around, she'd be a good 0.9 Annas.
Anna: And my being here will only make your day even better.
Jill: (She really is the last person I needed to see today.)
Anna: Then you're in luck. I AM the last person for today.


